Add link to pre-print (#270)
CDCgov/ww-inference-model: README.md

We modify EpiNow2 to add a model for the observed viral RNA concentration in wastewater, adding hierarchical structure to link the subpopulations represented by the observed wastewater concentrations in each wastewater catchment area.

The intention is for {wwinference} to provide a user-friendly R-package interface for running forecasting models that use wastewater concentrations combined with other more traditional epidemiological signals such as cases or hospital admissions.
It aims to be a re-implementation of the modeling components contained in the [wastewater-informed-covid-forecasting](https://github.com/CDCgov/wastewater-informed-covid-forecasting) project repository, with an emphasis here on making it easier for users to supply their own data.

> For an evaluation of the model's performance on forecasting COVID-19 hospital admissions in real-time and retrospectively, with and without wastewater, and compared to other COVID forecasting models during the 2023-2024 season, please see our recent [pre-print](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.64898/2026.02.23.26346887).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an evaluation of the model's performance on forecasting COVID-19 hospital admissions in real-time and retrospectively, with and without wastewater, and compared to other forecasting models during the 2023-2024 winter COVID epidemic, please see our recent [pre-print](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.64898/2026.02.23.26346887).
```
